PS-9181 [DOCS] - document background dictionary cache reload function… (#440)
percona/psmysql-docs: docs/data-masking-overview.md

These examples underscore how data masking serves as a crucial safeguard for sensitive information, allowing organizations to leverage their data effectively across diverse functions.

## Version updates

Percona Server for MySQL 8.0.41 introduces performance improvements for data masking through an internal term cache. The cache affects the following functions in the [data masking component](data-masking-function-list.md):

* [gen_blocklist()](data-masking-function-list.md#gen_blockliststr-from_dictionary_name-to_dictionary_name)

* [gen_dictionary()](data-masking-function-list.md#gen_dictionarydictionary_name)

> The new cache stores dictionary data in memory, making lookups faster than the previous method of querying the `mysql.masking_dictionaries` table each time. This speed boost is especially noticeable when you're working with many rows of data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new cache stores dictionary data in memory, making lookups faster than the previous method of querying the `<masking_functions.masking_database>.masking_dictionaries` table each time. This speed boost is especially noticeable when you're working with many rows of data.
```

However, the cache brings some new considerations. If you change the dictionary table directly (instead of using the proper dictionary management functions), your cache and table data can become different. 

The dictionary manipulation functions are the following:

* [`masking_dictionary_term_add()`](data-masking-function-list.md#masking_dictionary_term_adddictionary_name-term_name)

* [`masking_dictionary_term_remove()`](data-masking-function-list.md#masking_dictionary_term_removedictionary_name-term_name)

* [`masking_dictionary_remove()`](data-masking-function-list.md#masking_dictionary_removedictionary_name)

To fix this, you can use the new [`masking_dictionaries_flush()`](data-masking-function-list.md#masking_dictionaries_flush) function to sync them back up. This function returns `1` when successful.

The changes also affect how row-based replication works. When dictionary changes happen on the source server, they travel through the binary log to the replica server. While the replica applies these changes to its table correctly, the dictionary term cache doesn't update right away.

> To handle this, there's a new system setting called  [`component_masking_functions.dictionaries_flush_interval_seconds()`](data-masking-function-list.html#dictionaries_flush_interval_secondsinteger-unsigned)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To handle this, there's a new component system variable called  [`masking_functions.dictionaries_flush_interval_seconds()`](data-masking-function-list.html#dictionaries_flush_interval_secondsinteger-unsigned)
```

Reviewer: @patrickbirch One more change we did in 8.0.41.
All dictionary manipulations functions:
* `masking_dictionary_remove()`
* `masking_dictionary_term_remove()`
* `masking_dictionary_term_add()`
now return INTEGER instead of STRING.
Old behavior: string literal "1" - success, NULL - failure
New behavior: integer 1 - success, integer 0 - failure
Please, update the description of these functions as well (probably, no versioning comments needed, just make sure that we document the `new behavior`).

Reviewer: @patrickbirch in one of the recent post-fixes we also had to limit the max value of the `dictionaries_flush_interval_seconds` variable to 31 536 000 (60 * 60 * 24 * 365 seconds = 1 year). This needs to be reflected in the documentation as well.

To resync the internal dictionary term cache, we added a new function called [`masking_dictionaries_flush()`](data-masking-function-list.md#masking_dictionaries_flush). This function takes no arguments and returns 1 when it succeeds.

This redesign also affects row-based replication. Changes to the dictionaries table, either through dedicated functions or directly on the source, are sent to a replica via the binary log. The applier thread reads these binary log events on the replica and applies them successfully. However, the dictionary term cache on the replica doesn't update automatically.

> we introduced a new system variable called `component_masking_functions.dictionaries_flush_interval_seconds (read-only, integer, unsigned, default 0)`. 

Reviewer 2: we -> We
